we start with you complex
functional exercises in modern
fitness is the most
effective kind of training due to
what are you building neutral
body position you connect
more muscle groups as
our stabilizers and decide right away
several tasks for this exercise
put your legs on the width of your pelvic bones
feet must be parallel to each other
knees slightly flattened align
back and take a neutral position
back shoulders down lowering the shoulder blades
and tighten abdominal muscles failure should
stay parallel while holding
knees on the spot moves us back
starting work with squats
knees should stay in place for
This transfer weight more on the back
part of the foot that is on the heels
in the next progression we will add
balance through lifting your knees in front of you
raise your knee holding us
parallel with the floor slowly down and slowly
no need to hurry up every complication
try to perform
8 to 20 times when moving up we do
exhale deep breath in and out exhale
next complication we add
extra work of muscle groups is
handcuffing do not forget
that spreading our arms to the sides we direct
palm up so we are even better
cheers align our posture add
static mode
this pause and hold pause also
controls neutral posture
with a sedan from the next progression we
you add body twisting this
our study to systems at CEC
lifting the right leg we curl
to the right and also when climbing left through
deep breath curl left
by analogy with the previous and and
exercises performed 8 to 20 times
shoulders down thigh parallel